FTP: Mkdir (#1816)
akka/alpakka: docs/src/main/paradox/ftp.md

Typical use-case for this would be listing files from a ftp location, do some processing and move the files when done. An example of this use case can be found below.

## Creating directory

In order to create a directory the user has to specify a parent directory (also known as base path) and directory's name.

> Alpakka provides a materialized API (based on Futures/Completion Stages) and unmaterialized API (using Sources) to let the user choose when the action will be executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alpakka provides a materialized API `mkdirAsync` (based on @scala[Future]@java[Completion Stage]) and unmaterialized API `mkdir` (using Sources) to let the user choose when the action will be executed.
```
